specs/template.rst, before:

..
  This template should be in ReSTructured text. The filename in the git
  repository should match the launchpad URL, for example a URL of
  https://blueprints.launchpad.net/zaqar/+spec/awesome-thing should be named
  awesome-thing.rst.

  Please do not delete any of the sections in this
  template.  If you have nothing to say for a whole section, just write: None

  For help with syntax, see http://sphinx-doc.org/rest.html
  To test out your formatting, see http://www.tele3.cz/jbar/rest/rest.html

=============================
 The title of your blueprint
=============================

Include the URL of your launchpad blueprint:

https://blueprints.launchpad.net/zaqar/+spec/example

Introduction paragraph -- why are we doing anything?

Problem description
===================

A detailed description of the problem.

Proposed change
===============

Here is where you cover the change you propose to make in detail. How do you
propose to solve this problem?

If this is one part of a larger effort make it clear where this piece ends. In
other words, what's the scope of this effort?

Alternatives
------------

This is an optional section, where it does apply we'd just like a demonstration
that some thought has been put into why the proposed approach is the best one.

Implementation
==============

Assignee(s)
-----------

Who is leading the writing of the code? Or is this a blueprint where you're
throwing it out there to see who picks it up?

If more than one person is working on the implementation, please designate the
primary author and contact.

Primary assignee:
  <launchpad-id or None>

Can list additional ids if they intend on doing substantial implementation work
on this blueprint.

Milestones
----------

Target Milestone for completion:
  Juno-2

Work Items
----------

Work items or tasks -- break the feature up into the things that need to be
done to implement it. Those parts might end up being done by different people,
but we're mostly trying to understand the timeline for implementation.


Dependencies
============

- Include specific references to specs and/or blueprints in zaqar, or in other
  projects, that this one either depends on or is related to.

.. note::

  This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0
  Unported License.
  http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode

Commit message:

Propose a drawbacks section
Change-Id: Ie96469daad92b6b1660b9731e286ceb442ebd351

specs/template.rst, after:

..
  This template should be in ReSTructured text. The filename in the git
  repository should match the launchpad URL, for example a URL of
  https://blueprints.launchpad.net/zaqar/+spec/awesome-thing should be named
  awesome-thing.rst.

  Please do not delete any of the sections in this
  template.  If you have nothing to say for a whole section, just write: None

  For help with syntax, see http://sphinx-doc.org/rest.html
  To test out your formatting, see http://www.tele3.cz/jbar/rest/rest.html

=============================
 The title of your blueprint
=============================

Include the URL of your launchpad blueprint:

https://blueprints.launchpad.net/zaqar/+spec/example

Introduction paragraph -- why are we doing anything?

Problem description
===================

A detailed description of the problem.

Proposed change
===============

Here is where you cover the change you propose to make in detail. How do you
propose to solve this problem?

If this is one part of a larger effort make it clear where this piece ends. In
other words, what's the scope of this effort?

Drawbacks
---------

Are there any drawbacks in this proposal? Does it change things in the
API? Will it have an impact in critical areas? Will it make other
areas more complex?

Please, answer any of the questions above or elaborate on the
drawbacks of this proposal if there're any.

Alternatives
------------

This is an optional section, where it does apply we'd just like a demonstration
that some thought has been put into why the proposed approach is the best one.

Implementation
==============

Assignee(s)
-----------

Who is leading the writing of the code? Or is this a blueprint where you're
throwing it out there to see who picks it up?

If more than one person is working on the implementation, please designate the
primary author and contact.

Primary assignee:
  <launchpad-id or None>

Can list additional ids if they intend on doing substantial implementation work
on this blueprint.

Milestones
----------

Target Milestone for completion:
  Juno-2

Work Items
----------

Work items or tasks -- break the feature up into the things that need to be
done to implement it. Those parts might end up being done by different people,
but we're mostly trying to understand the timeline for implementation.


Dependencies
============

- Include specific references to specs and/or blueprints in zaqar, or in other
  projects, that this one either depends on or is related to.

.. note::

  This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0
  Unported License.
  http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode
